all right we got it okay stay out of the
road guys there's a coke can right there
oh my gosh oh wow so you had it going at
full speed on the back move it please
yeah all right call and get out of the
road
please let's get it out of the road do
not put it back in the road okay see if
we can get it to full speed this time
that thing's gotta be going 50 miles an
hour that's ridiculous that is
ridiculous your tires are like not even
touching the room I blew my race times I
bloom a park really holy freaking cow oh
my gosh that's ridiculous oh there goes
your wings officially gone I wonder if
that'll make it easier to drive cousin
tree this is the the downforce or
whatever Oh
not really i thought you were kidding
you were just kind of like embellishing
it were you like yeah I'm going fifty
percent I can't got it but that's
ridiculous have to ease the power yeah
oh no oh no no no is it still going yeah
I got it I got it holy cow ridiculous oh
that's the far one